- [Instructor] When creating applications that use EJBs,
it is important to package them so that the EJB module,
or business logic, is separate from the web module
to prevent mixing of concerns.
Let's setup a project for our Enterprise application
that contains an EJB project.
First, we'll build a project
to house the business logic for our EJBs.
So all we need to do is right-click
within the Package Explorer,
and then we can go to New, EJB Project.
We'll give our EJB project a name of hsports-catalog-ejb,
and then from here all we need to do is click on Finish.
So now we have an EJB Project and a JSF project.
We're going to package these two projects together
within an EAR project that can deploy both projects at once.
EAR files are a Java EE packaging strategy
that allows us to package multiple modules together.
So in order to create the EAR project,
just right-click once again on the Package Explorer,
go to New, and then select Enterprise Application Project.
Here we'll provide a name for our new project,
it's going to be the hsports-catalog project,
and then you'll see that we've selected EAR version 8.0
and we have a Runtime set.
Now, once we click on Next it's going to ask us
what projects we would like to include within this EAR.
So we'll select our EJB project
and then we'll select our JSF project, and hit Finish.
So now we have the structure of our application
which contains our EJB and JSF project.
If we deploy this project to our server,
which we can do, Run As, and then Run on Server.
We'll associate it with the server and then hit Finish.
We'll see that within the server the EAR is deployed
and then we have the EJB and JSF project deployed as well.
Now we can go ahead at this point
and remove our individual JSF project.